Hey, everyone!
Now,
you've seen some things like multimedia
importance, and what's pushing it, so
let's check out how we can apply
multimedia to your own applications,
your own homes, whatever you want.
>> Yeah, of course.
So, like Randy said,
we're going to talk about some examples,
>> But first,
just what are some of
the requirements needed, at least,
that differentiate multimedia development
to other types of development.
In general,
I put some specs up here, stuff that
if you would like, you can go search more,
find out more about absolute
specifications that you might need for the
particular development you'll be doing.
However, in general,
I do know that you can go to,
I think it's bullet point 4 and 5.
When you're developing multimedia,
and I think we mentioned this,
you're going to want more storage space.
It just goes without saying an image
takes up a certain amount of space, and
thousands of images
takes up a lot of space.
You're doing a video.
You want HD video.
We have 4K video now.
All of these things, especially with
current compression techniques, and
hopefully they get better,
still take up a lot of space.
And, that's just something that
we can't get around right now.
So if you're developing multimedia,
you need a lot of space.
Also main memory, there's a lot of tasks
that are going on at the same time.
You going to need that memory
to keep it performing.
>> It's always good to
have secondary storage.
I think I mentioned the AV
studio that we're at here.
They have tonnes of storage back there.
I hear them talking about moving around
terabytes and terabytes of storage space.
It goes with the territory.
So, when you're working with multimedia,
especially video and audio,
you need to keep that in mind.
All right, so [CROSSTALK]
>> Let's call it something like more
practical application, right?
>> Yeah, yeah.
>> I mean no, or are these more specs?
>> Yeah, well, a little bit more specs.
So, all of these components,
all of these hardware
specs that we're talking about that
help drive your multimedia development,
ultimately help, also,
your real-time performance requirements.
So, anyways,
you can take a look at this slide.
There's not much on here, but I would
recommend just pausing it, reading through
it, and I'm actually excited more to
talk about the example applications.
>> Yeah, the more practical
versions we have in store.
>> Yeah, so let's check out some
stuff that you can think of.
And, I would recommend paying close
attention to all of these examples here,
so that when we go into
developing our application,
you can think of stuff you
might want to add on to it.
>> Of course, just like last time,
we're going to have a relatively
bare bones application,
introducing you to the software, how to
start programming and developing in it.
And, then it's up to you and
the community to add all the meat, or
the cool features, you want to it.
>> Yeah, yeah, so all right.
So, let's take some examples here, right?
We have a residential area,
your house for example, right?
>> Yeah, a smart home.
What kind of stuff what you use,
multimedia-wise in your house, right?
The first thing that we've got
up there Video-On-Demand, right?
So, you have your Apple TV, right?
Or, you have your RoKu.
Chromecast.
>> Or, RoKu, or you have your Chromecast,
or you have your cable box that allows
you to record digital shows, set up your
timers, and record your favorite shows.
Home shopping, you're able to buy stuff.
[LAUGH] Pretty much anything you want,
now.
Even Amazon has that 2 hour delivery,
Amazon Now.
Your video phones,
conferencing through Skype.
I've said this a bunch of times.
But, some good at-home applications,
and these aren't all of them.
There's so many more, and there's probably
stuff that no one's thought of yet, so
there you go.
Businesses services, corporate education.
You have stuff like Coursera
that you're on right now,
pretty sure that's used for
educational purposes, right?
>> [LAUGH]
>> Yeah so, there you go.
Education in general, right?
You have digital libraries now.
You used to have to go check out a book.
You can just-
>> Go online, find a PDF.
>> Yeah, learning at a distance.
I know that some of
the universities I attended,
they offer online classes, where you have
direct communication with your professor.
They offer all sorts
of great resources for
the professor to demonstrate
the materials to you.
>> Yeah, or sometimes they have podcasts.
>> Podcasts.
>> Maybe you can't show up to class,
but at least you can watch the lecture.
>> Absolutely, yeah.
So, those are some great ideas
that someone came up with.
Science and technology,
virtual environments,
you can see up there,
that picture that you see up there,
that is actually one of
the first virtual realities.
Is that what you would call it?
One of the first virtual reality headsets.
[LAUGH] There you go.
I think it was in the 80s.
But, so even if you look at some
of the newer stuff that's out now,
you have the Oculus and the Vive.
Those things,
they haven't really changed much.
There's still semi-big, semi-bulky,
maybe a little lighter set of gloves.
I think they use remotes now.
They got away from the gloves.
People sweat a lot.
>> [LAUGH]
>> Anyways-
>> And, I just want to mention that, for
science and technology,
you have to have what we mentioned before,
with computer vision,
where we can take images, or videos,
or just whatever and analyze.
And, say maybe you want to
detect where your baby is,
if you have a baby, and
you want to have like a camera at home,
making sure your baby is in the crib,
not outside of it.
>> Yeah, but make sure you're at home,
also, just in another room.
>> [LAUGH]
>> All right, cool.
So, another little virtual
reality headset picture, there.
This is the Google Cardboard.
I don't know if you've ever had
a chance to play with one of these.
They're really cool for what it is.
You just hold it up,
put your phone in there.
I think you have to use a Samsung.
You put your phone in there,
and put it up to your face, and
there's all sorts of cool,
interactive experiences.
>> It makes it look more like you're
interacting your phone than doing
a virtual reality thing.
Well, there's a giant
screen in front of you.
>> Yeah, so for entertainment,
there's always games.
Games is a huge market.
Interactive television,
post production of movie and music.
So, a lot of that gets done here,
actually.
>> We do a lot of recording, and
then there's a lot of editing.
So, it's not so
easy as to just talk into the camera.
>> Yeah, we don't just record it,
then upload it.
>> Yeah, of course.
So anyways, you got that.
I guess one more thing,
medical applications.
That's a huge market.
That should, of course, be said as well.
But, yeah, so hope you enjoyed this
list of little, simple examples.
>> Remember to keep it the back of
your mind, so you have ideas or
things you may want to create, or
apply to your own multimedia application.
>> Absolutely.